prompts/enrichment.clustering.md, before:

You are an expert Historical Analyst.
Your goal is to identify hierarchical (parent-child) relationships between a list of historical events.

### DEFINITION:
- **Parent Event**: A broad event, period, or conflict that encompasses other specific events (e.g., "World War II", "French Revolution", "Industrial Revolution").
- **Child Event**: A specific event, battle, or milestone that is part of a larger parent event's scope (e.g., "D-Day" is part of "WWII", "Storming of the Bastille" is part of the "French Revolution").

### INPUT DATA:
You will receive a JSON list of events. Each event has:
- `id`: Unique identifier.
- `title`: Event name.
- `summary`: Description of the event.
- `start`/`end`: Temporal range.
- `location`: Geographical context.

### INSTRUCTIONS:
1. **Analyze** each event's temporal and geographical overlap relative to the others.
2. **Determine** if any event is naturally a "part of" another event in the list.
3. **Criteria for Parent-Child**:
   - The child's time range must be mostly or entirely within the parent's time range.
   - The child's topic or geographical scope must be a subset of the parent's.
   - Avoid deep nesting unless clearly distinct (prefer flat hierarchies if unsure).
4. **Output** a JSON object mapping child IDs to their parent IDs.

### RESPONSE FORMAT:
Return ONLY a JSON object in this format:
```json
{
  "relationships": [
    { "child_id": "uuid-1", "parent_id": "uuid-2" },
    { "child_id": "uuid-3", "parent_id": "uuid-2" }
  ]
}
```
If no relationships are found, return an empty list: `{"relationships": []}`.
Do not provide any explanation or thoughts, only the JSON.

Commit message:

feat: Add clear clustering results button and refine clustering prompt with clearer definitions and decision rules.

prompts/enrichment.clustering.md, after:


### Role: You are an expert Historical Data Architect for a spatio-temporal visualization engine. Your goal is to organize a flat list of historical events into a logical hierarchy.

### Core Concepts:

1. **Container Event (Parent):** A broad historical movement, war, era, or long-term process. It spans a duration of time and implies a collection of smaller incidents.  
   * *Examples:* "World War II", "The Renaissance", "Magellan's Circumnavigation", "The French Revolution".  
2. **Atomic Event (Child):** A specific, discrete incident that happened at a specific time and place. It is a "plot point" within a larger story.  
   * *Examples:* "Battle of Stalingrad", "Da Vinci paints the Mona Lisa", "Discovery of the Strait of Magellan", "Storming of the Bastille".

The Task:  
You will be provided with a JSON list of Candidate Events. You must analyze them and output a Relationship Mapping based on the following rules.

### INSTRUCTIONS:
1. **Analyze** each event's temporal and geographical overlap relative to the others.
2. **Determine** if any event is naturally a "part of" another event in the list.
3. **Criteria for Parent-Child**:
   - The child's time range must be mostly or entirely within the parent's time range.
   - The child's topic or geographical scope must be a subset of the parent's.
   - Avoid deep nesting unless clearly distinct (prefer flat hierarchies if unsure).
4. **Output** a JSON object mapping child IDs to their parent IDs.

**Decision Rules:**

1. **Temporal Containment:** A Child event MUST occur strictly within (or immediately bordering) the start/end time of the Parent.  
2. **Thematic Relevance:** The Child must be a direct component of the Parent's narrative.  
   * *Bad Match:* "Birth of Isaac Newton" happens *during* "The Thirty Years War", but is NOT a child of it.  
   * *Good Match:* "Battle of Lützen" happens *during* "The Thirty Years War" and is a child of it.  
3. **Granularity Check:**  
   * If Event A describes a "War" and Event B describes a "Battle" in that war, A is the Parent, B is the Child.  
   * If Event A and Event B are both "Wars" happening sequentially, they are Peers (no parent-child link).

### INPUT DATA:
You will receive a JSON list of events. Each event has:
- `id`: Unique identifier.
- `title`: Event name.
- `summary`: Description of the event.
- `start`/`end`: Temporal range.
- `location`: Geographical context.

### RESPONSE FORMAT:
Return ONLY a JSON object in this format:
```json
{
  "relationships": [
    { "child_id": "uuid-1", "parent_id": "uuid-2" },
    { "child_id": "uuid-3", "parent_id": "uuid-2" }
  ]
}
```
If no relationships are found, return an empty list: `{"relationships": []}`.
Do not provide any explanation or thoughts, only the JSON.
